# Adventure

 HORROR ADVENTURE WITH DEEPTI & MADHAVI
 
 Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Madhavi who was living in Talbehat. She was so lazy & greedy girl. She never used to listen to her parents & used to listen to music all day & watching horror movies she always thinks to go on an adventure. One day when she was laying on her bed & listening to music, she saw two people chatting outside her house about a ghost in Talbehat fort she began to hear it very interestingly after sometimes those people stop chatting and went home, Madhavi suddenly got out of her bed & called her best friend named Deepti. Madhavi told all the things to Deepti that she has listened to the two people about the ghost that has been living for the past two thousand years in that fort. They both decided to explore it they were scared too but they were excited to go into it & see the ghost first time in their life but there was a problem they both knew that their parents will never allow them to go into that fort, they thought for a while & decided to go in the middle of the night, they took all the necessary things with them like God Jesus cross locket, God images, camera, chicken, mosquito net, torch, mobile, compass, knife, red chilies powder, pepper spray, nylon rope, a book of prayer, four charging fans, four power bank, small lens camera, hot water, noodles, many snacks to eat, headphones, etc. They were excited but once they thought to ask their parents about that fort. Madhavi's parents told us it's a dangerous fort since the 1920s if you dare to go there I will lock you in your room for 6 months without food. Madhavi was angry with her parents & now she was 101% sure she was going to Talbehats fort to see the ghost. It was 9 pm all were sleeping madhavi was still packing her bag she quietly entered her dad's room & took the gun in her bag with 50 ammo of gun, 50000 rupees with her & went with Deepti to the fort by car Madhavi was knowing how to drive a car she has made a fake license they reached the hill where the fort was located madhavi cant drive up to the main gate of the fort because there were 500 stairs they both got out of the car & began to climb the stairs finally they reached the main gate, when they opened the gate they saw a big garden with black grass & black flowers they both were surprised to see that garden they have never seen this type of garden before, then they both reached a door which was 14 feet taller than them & was the only door to enter into the fort in excitement they both opened the door, when they opened the door many bats flew away, Madhavi & Deepti shouted now they were bit scared but in excietment they hold there hands togheter & got in the fort & suddenly the fort door closed there both were scared now but they ignored it and moved forward they saw only the sand whereever they looked then they went to the second floor they began to hear some voices so they put the cross locket in their neck & prayer book in their hand. On moving forward they saw something shining they hold their hands together & picked up that shining thing it was a diamond of a neckless which they have seen in the museum, when they were thinking about where they saw that diamond, suddenly they heard a sound of someone is shouting in anger they freeze at one place. After some time they both relaxed & began to search for something. Madhavi was having a gun in her pocket she fired the ammo Deepti was shocked they both felt fearless now they went to the third floor there they saw many types of makeup arranged in an order they heard some noise when they turned back they again heard some noise when they turned front they were shocked all the makeup was spoiled it was not as arranged as it was before. They were now excited to see the ghost & began to explore many things now they took chicken & dropped it down, they looked back & turned front they saw the chicken was disappeared now they were more excited madhavi was bit scared & pasted god images on her palm. Now they both were hungry & ate noodles & snacks while they were eating snacks someone sounded from her back please save me they were bit scared they put small lens camera all over the fort first. Deepti was amazing in creativity & ideas she was a perfect coder & engineer she took out her self made projector, then they both connected with mobile & played a clip of king attacking queen & it worked as they thought the ghost came & cried by betting the wall they both saw the ghost & were shocked to see it. Now they were sleepy they got into a very dusty room they cleaned it, pasted god images on the wall so that ghosts couldn't enter that room, bought a big tent, in that placed mosquito net  & made a circle with hollow water of God. They both slept the next morning until they heard the noise of someone shouting & scratching the wall with nails. They both decided to kill the ghost Deepti decided to read the prayer & Madhavi decided to shoot the ghost. Let's see who wins DM or ghost. 
To Be Continued......................................................

